s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_prepareStatement_08.java,101,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_prepareStatement_54e.java,39,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_prepareStatement_61a.java,40,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeQuery_74b.java,44,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_execute_22b.java,40,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_execute_54e.java,41,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_execute_02.java,62,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_execute_52c.java,41,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_execute_10.java,118,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeQuery_07.java,106,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeUpdate_06.java,110,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeQuery_07.java,111,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeUpdate_05.java,107,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_prepareStatement_05.java,125,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeBatch_31.java,111,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeQuery_11.java,119,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_prepareStatement_74b.java,41,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_prepareStatement_01.java,111,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeUpdate_05.java,74,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_execute_42.java,67,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_execute_10.java,119,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_prepareStatement_41.java,46,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_prepareStatement_11.java,66,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeUpdate_10.java,54,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeBatch_66b.java,46,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_execute_42.java,137,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_prepareStatement_01.java,93,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_prepareStatement_08.java,117,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeUpdate_12.java,119,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeUpdate_53d.java,41,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeBatch_14.java,60,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeBatch_16.java,120,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_execute_04.java,124,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeQuery_12.java,119,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeQuery_21.java,123,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeUpdate_72b.java,43,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_execute_41.java,48,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeUpdate_04.java,96,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_execute_12.java,101,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeBatch_31.java,106,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_execute_66b.java,42,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeBatch_13.java,73,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeBatch_52c.java,45,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_execute_09.java,133,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeUpdate_17.java,135,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_prepareStatement_42.java,65,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeQuery_06.java,68,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeBatch_17.java,124,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_prepareStatement_42.java,60,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_execute_01.java,100,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_prepareStatement_74b.java,41,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_prepareStatement_72b.java,41,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeBatch_01.java,119,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeBatch_54e.java,45,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_execute_02.java,54,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeQuery_09.java,119,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_execute_71b.java,42,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeQuery_17.java,90,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_execute_51b.java,41,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_execute_54e.java,41,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_prepareStatement_41.java,45,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_execute_72b.java,43,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_prepareStatement_15.java,102,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeQuery_05.java,75,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_execute_07.java,124,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_prepareStatement_17.java,134,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeQuery_07.java,139,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeBatch_72b.java,47,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeQuery_04.java,127,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeBatch_31.java,141,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_execute_51b.java,41,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeUpdate_21.java,93,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_execute_81_bad.java,41,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeQuery_81_bad.java,42,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeBatch_72b.java,47,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_prepareStatement_09.java,66,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_prepareStatement_11.java,61,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_execute_22b.java,40,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeQuery_10.java,101,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeQuery_61a.java,43,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_prepareStatement_51b.java,39,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeUpdate_41.java,42,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_execute_71b.java,42,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeQuery_07.java,60,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeBatch_07.java,100,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_execute_15.java,108,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeBatch_03.java,123,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_prepareStatement_53d.java,39,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeBatch_14.java,68,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeUpdate_01.java,55,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeBatch_14.java,111,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_execute_41.java,47,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeBatch_10.java,95,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_prepareStatement_54e.java,39,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeQuery_54e.java,42,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_execute_11.java,67,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeBatch_22b.java,46,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_prepareStatement_15.java,119,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_execute_16.java,58,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeUpdate_07.java,122,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeUpdate_52c.java,41,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_prepareStatement_12.java,62,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_prepareStatement_22b.java,39,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_execute_08.java,146,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_prepareStatement_11.java,104,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_execute_71b.java,42,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeUpdate_15.java,65,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_prepareStatement_71b.java,40,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_prepareStatement_42.java,89,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeBatch_08.java,108,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeBatch_02.java,123,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_execute_42.java,102,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeUpdate_42.java,122,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeBatch_13.java,60,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_execute_05.java,124,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeBatch_22b.java,46,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_prepareStatement_07.java,109,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_execute_16.java,50,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeUpdate_81_bad.java,41,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_execute_72b.java,43,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeBatch_11.java,125,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_execute_73b.java,43,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeUpdate_53d.java,41,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_prepareStatement_41.java,41,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeUpdate_21.java,104,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeQuery_22b.java,41,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_execute_81_bad.java,41,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeQuery_73b.java,44,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_execute_12.java,90,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_execute_02.java,105,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_execute_08.java,80,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_execute_12.java,134,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeBatch_31.java,66,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_prepareStatement_81_bad.java,39,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeQuery_12.java,120,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeQuery_71b.java,43,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_execute_41.java,43,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_prepareStatement_71b.java,40,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_prepareStatement_14.java,117,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeUpdate_22b.java,40,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeQuery_52c.java,42,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeUpdate_07.java,110,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeQuery_81_bad.java,42,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_execute_16.java,101,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_prepareStatement_04.java,125,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_prepareStatement_11.java,88,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeUpdate_04.java,107,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeUpdate_02.java,133,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_prepareStatement_51b.java,39,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeQuery_10.java,134,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_execute_22b.java,40,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_prepareStatement_07.java,93,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_execute_72b.java,43,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeUpdate_21.java,69,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeQuery_51b.java,42,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeUpdate_11.java,54,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_prepareStatement_16.java,128,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeQuery_05.java,127,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeQuery_03.java,90,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeUpdate_07.java,59,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_execute_08.java,131,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_execute_09.java,67,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeBatch_52c.java,45,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_prepareStatement_66b.java,40,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_prepareStatement_02.java,132,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeBatch_53d.java,45,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_execute_10.java,67,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_execute_09.java,100,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_prepareStatement_71b.java,40,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeBatch_09.java,125,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeQuery_52c.java,42,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_execute_01.java,55,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeUpdate_52c.java,41,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_execute_74b.java,43,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeQuery_61a.java,43,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeBatch_52c.java,45,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeUpdate_42.java,53,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeBatch_14.java,106,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_prepareStatement_14.java,116,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeUpdate_16.java,129,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_execute_22b.java,40,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeQuery_61a.java,43,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeQuery_08.java,147,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeQuery_74b.java,44,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeQuery_08.java,114,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_prepareStatement_22b.java,39,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_prepareStatement_04.java,60,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeQuery_66b.java,43,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_execute_08.java,132,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_execute_11.java,100,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeBatch_14.java,139,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_execute_21.java,122,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeBatch_02.java,124,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_prepareStatement_42.java,105,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeQuery_72b.java,44,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeUpdate_13.java,119,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_execute_54e.java,41,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeQuery_42.java,123,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_prepareStatement_51b.java,39,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_execute_72b.java,43,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_execute_17.java,118,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeBatch_21.java,128,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeUpdate_06.java,59,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_prepareStatement_61a.java,40,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeQuery_10.java,63,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_prepareStatement_66b.java,40,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeBatch_13.java,106,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_prepareStatement_71b.java,40,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_prepareStatement_12.java,89,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeQuery_52c.java,42,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeUpdate_31.java,62,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_execute_08.java,113,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeBatch_16.java,102,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_prepareStatement_01.java,128,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeBatch_42.java,71,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeUpdate_72b.java,43,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_execute_54e.java,41,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeUpdate_41.java,47,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_execute_74b.java,43,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeQuery_22b.java,41,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_execute_09.java,118,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_execute_01.java,46,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeUpdate_52c.java,41,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_execute_15.java,65,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeBatch_22b.java,46,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeQuery_41.java,43,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_prepareStatement_73b.java,41,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_prepareStatement_72b.java,41,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_execute_15.java,57,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeUpdate_12.java,120,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeUpdate_15.java,122,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_execute_04.java,61,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeUpdate_74b.java,43,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeQuery_41.java,43,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_prepareStatement_04.java,139,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeQuery_15.java,93,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeQuery_07.java,73,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeQuery_42.java,108,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeQuery_04.java,75,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_prepareStatement_17.java,117,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeUpdate_74b.java,43,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeUpdate_53d.java,41,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeUpdate_21.java,139,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_prepareStatement_12.java,105,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeUpdate_03.java,62,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_prepareStatement_17.java,50,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeUpdate_66b.java,42,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_execute_10.java,100,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeUpdate_04.java,74,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeQuery_74b.java,44,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_execute_06.java,122,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeUpdate_73b.java,43,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeBatch_02.java,106,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeUpdate_07.java,72,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeBatch_13.java,139,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_execute_31.java,107,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeBatch_16.java,135,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_execute_11.java,118,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_prepareStatement_73b.java,41,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeQuery_52c.java,42,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeUpdate_04.java,140,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeUpdate_01.java,130,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeUpdate_14.java,62,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_execute_13.java,100,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_prepareStatement_06.java,123,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeQuery_21.java,65,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeQuery_05.java,70,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeUpdate_73b.java,43,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeBatch_14.java,124,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_prepareStatement_54e.java,39,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_execute_42.java,120,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_execute_03.java,117,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeQuery_41.java,49,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_prepareStatement_06.java,93,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_prepareStatement_09.java,104,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeBatch_16.java,119,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeQuery_61a.java,43,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeBatch_72b.java,47,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeQuery_41.java,48,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeQuery_01.java,85,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeUpdate_12.java,55,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeUpdate_61a.java,42,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_execute_51b.java,41,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeQuery_08.java,119,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeQuery_05.java,113,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeBatch_03.java,124,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeQuery_04.java,97,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeUpdate_04.java,112,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_execute_12.java,120,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_execute_51b.java,41,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeUpdate_54e.java,41,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_prepareStatement_03.java,53,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeUpdate_01.java,113,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeUpdate_17.java,60,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeUpdate_41.java,48,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeUpdate_61a.java,42,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeBatch_81_bad.java,45,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeQuery_73b.java,44,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_prepareStatement_03.java,118,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeBatch_17.java,126,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeQuery_74b.java,44,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_prepareStatement_09.java,88,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_execute_21.java,55,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_prepareStatement_31.java,118,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeBatch_16.java,56,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_prepareStatement_06.java,109,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeQuery_21.java,70,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_execute_71b.java,42,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeUpdate_09.java,54,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeBatch_81_bad.java,45,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_execute_06.java,123,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeQuery_08.java,76,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeBatch_02.java,139,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_execute_21.java,64,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_prepareStatement_66b.java,40,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_execute_08.java,102,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeQuery_10.java,68,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeBatch_12.java,74,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeQuery_71b.java,43,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeBatch_42.java,124,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeUpdate_11.java,117,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeQuery_06.java,139,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_execute_71b.java,42,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeUpdate_81_bad.java,41,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeUpdate_42.java,120,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_prepareStatement_16.java,95,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_execute_66b.java,42,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeQuery_09.java,118,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeUpdate_06.java,94,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_prepareStatement_13.java,99,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeBatch_72b.java,47,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeQuery_81_bad.java,42,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeQuery_61a.java,43,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_prepareStatement_06.java,58,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_prepareStatement_31.java,135,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeQuery_09.java,134,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeBatch_72b.java,47,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeBatch_52c.java,45,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeUpdate_72b.java,43,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_prepareStatement_17.java,117,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeBatch_61a.java,46,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_execute_66b.java,42,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeUpdate_11.java,118,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeUpdate_17.java,100,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeQuery_51b.java,42,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_execute_12.java,68,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeQuery_10.java,106,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeBatch_01.java,104,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeBatch_07.java,130,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeUpdate_66b.java,42,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeQuery_41.java,47,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_prepareStatement_02.java,99,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_execute_74b.java,43,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeUpdate_31.java,120,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeQuery_09.java,101,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeUpdate_66b.java,42,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeBatch_22b.java,46,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeBatch_12.java,112,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_prepareStatement_10.java,66,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_execute_41.java,48,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_prepareStatement_16.java,113,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_prepareStatement_41.java,40,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeBatch_16.java,64,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_prepareStatement_71b.java,40,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeQuery_09.java,55,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeQuery_11.java,118,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeUpdate_09.java,118,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeQuery_14.java,118,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeBatch_01.java,64,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeBatch_13.java,68,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeBatch_51b.java,45,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeUpdate_22b.java,40,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_prepareStatement_74b.java,41,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeUpdate_06.java,105,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_prepareStatement_13.java,117,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeBatch_53d.java,45,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeUpdate_22b.java,40,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeQuery_22b.java,41,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeUpdate_03.java,100,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeBatch_09.java,95,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_execute_10.java,89,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeUpdate_41.java,47,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeUpdate_06.java,122,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_execute_66b.java,42,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeQuery_72b.java,44,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_prepareStatement_13.java,66,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeQuery_06.java,106,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeQuery_72b.java,44,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeBatch_41.java,51,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeQuery_06.java,60,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeUpdate_17.java,89,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_prepareStatement_15.java,135,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeUpdate_41.java,46,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeBatch_31.java,124,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeQuery_11.java,134,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_execute_61a.java,42,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_execute_14.java,133,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeBatch_11.java,95,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeBatch_15.java,114,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_prepareStatement_08.java,79,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_prepareStatement_09.java,61,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeUpdate_73b.java,43,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeBatch_31.java,71,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeUpdate_71b.java,42,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeBatch_74b.java,47,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeQuery_41.java,48,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_prepareStatement_51b.java,39,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeQuery_11.java,55,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeUpdate_09.java,117,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeBatch_06.java,100,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeBatch_71b.java,46,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeUpdate_03.java,89,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_execute_51b.java,41,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeBatch_52c.java,45,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeBatch_12.java,126,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_execute_54e.java,41,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeUpdate_51b.java,41,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeUpdate_14.java,118,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeBatch_15.java,76,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_execute_07.java,72,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_execute_13.java,89,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_execute_61a.java,42,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeBatch_02.java,68,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_prepareStatement_08.java,130,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeQuery_11.java,101,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_execute_11.java,133,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_prepareStatement_02.java,118,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_execute_61a.java,42,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_execute_05.java,69,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeBatch_42.java,141,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeBatch_17.java,141,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_execute_13.java,118,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeUpdate_02.java,100,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_execute_53d.java,41,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeQuery_04.java,108,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_prepareStatement_31.java,60,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeBatch_11.java,139,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeQuery_81_bad.java,42,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeBatch_54e.java,45,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeUpdate_54e.java,41,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_execute_74b.java,43,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_prepareStatement_74b.java,41,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeBatch_14.java,123,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_prepareStatement_74b.java,41,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_execute_53d.java,41,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_prepareStatement_72b.java,41,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeBatch_73b.java,47,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_prepareStatement_54e.java,39,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeBatch_53d.java,45,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeUpdate_06.java,138,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeUpdate_22b.java,40,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_prepareStatement_53d.java,39,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeUpdate_08.java,113,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeBatch_71b.java,46,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_prepareStatement_08.java,131,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeQuery_11.java,68,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeBatch_03.java,106,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeQuery_54e.java,42,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeQuery_73b.java,44,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_execute_51b.java,41,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeUpdate_03.java,117,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeQuery_42.java,63,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeQuery_61a.java,43,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeQuery_15.java,121,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_execute_13.java,119,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeBatch_74b.java,47,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeUpdate_74b.java,43,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_prepareStatement_66b.java,40,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_prepareStatement_14.java,61,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeBatch_73b.java,47,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_execute_74b.java,43,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_prepareStatement_66b.java,40,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeQuery_14.java,90,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_prepareStatement_06.java,71,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_prepareStatement_52c.java,39,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeUpdate_17.java,105,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_prepareStatement_31.java,65,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeBatch_16.java,69,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_prepareStatement_52c.java,39,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_prepareStatement_10.java,117,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeUpdate_41.java,43,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeQuery_81_bad.java,42,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeBatch_08.java,73,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_prepareStatement_61a.java,40,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeBatch_41.java,46,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_prepareStatement_12.java,100,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeQuery_02.java,68,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeBatch_04.java,102,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeQuery_08.java,81,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeBatch_71b.java,46,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeQuery_02.java,120,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeBatch_02.java,60,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_execute_61a.java,42,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeBatch_11.java,111,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeUpdate_73b.java,43,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeQuery_11.java,63,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeBatch_13.java,95,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeQuery_42.java,68,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeQuery_06.java,124,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_execute_06.java,72,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeBatch_17.java,111,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeQuery_66b.java,43,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeUpdate_15.java,92,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_execute_41.java,47,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeUpdate_12.java,106,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_execute_07.java,105,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeUpdate_41.java,48,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_execute_53d.java,41,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_prepareStatement_54e.java,39,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_execute_61a.java,42,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeQuery_13.java,106,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeUpdate_31.java,137,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_prepareStatement_14.java,132,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_prepareStatement_04.java,123,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_execute_41.java,47,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeQuery_07.java,125,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeQuery_72b.java,44,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeBatch_61a.java,46,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeUpdate_15.java,136,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeQuery_12.java,135,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeQuery_74b.java,44,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeBatch_81_bad.java,45,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeQuery_31.java,121,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeBatch_71b.java,46,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeBatch_41.java,46,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_prepareStatement_66b.java,40,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_prepareStatement_52c.java,39,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeQuery_31.java,92,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_execute_13.java,54,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeUpdate_04.java,124,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeUpdate_12.java,63,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_execute_14.java,100,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_prepareStatement_09.java,116,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeBatch_05.java,131,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeUpdate_07.java,123,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeUpdate_31.java,91,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeBatch_71b.java,46,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_prepareStatement_42.java,120,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_prepareStatement_11.java,118,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_prepareStatement_54e.java,39,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_execute_61a.java,42,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_prepareStatement_09.java,99,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_prepareStatement_15.java,64,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_prepareStatement_81_bad.java,39,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_prepareStatement_07.java,122,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeQuery_22b.java,41,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeQuery_08.java,133,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_execute_12.java,106,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeQuery_53d.java,42,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeBatch_03.java,68,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeQuery_04.java,62,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeQuery_21.java,140,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeUpdate_42.java,120,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeBatch_03.java,60,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_execute_08.java,130,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeUpdate_53d.java,41,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeUpdate_10.java,67,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_execute_31.java,53,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeBatch_08.java,124,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_execute_15.java,92,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_execute_13.java,105,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeBatch_66b.java,46,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_prepareStatement_04.java,111,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_execute_13.java,67,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeUpdate_01.java,115,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_prepareStatement_17.java,119,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeBatch_41.java,47,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeQuery_01.java,114,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_execute_52c.java,41,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_execute_66b.java,42,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeQuery_13.java,101,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeQuery_17.java,61,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_prepareStatement_05.java,139,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeUpdate_10.java,119,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_prepareStatement_21.java,138,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_execute_54e.java,41,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeBatch_02.java,111,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeBatch_06.java,130,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeUpdate_81_bad.java,41,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeUpdate_16.java,115,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_prepareStatement_81_bad.java,39,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeUpdate_16.java,63,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_execute_73b.java,43,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeUpdate_11.java,105,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeBatch_41.java,52,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeBatch_10.java,73,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeBatch_21.java,115,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeUpdate_54e.java,41,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_prepareStatement_03.java,99,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeQuery_71b.java,43,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_prepareStatement_15.java,121,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeQuery_71b.java,43,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeUpdate_51b.java,41,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeBatch_52c.java,45,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeBatch_09.java,60,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_prepareStatement_03.java,116,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeUpdate_71b.java,42,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeQuery_71b.java,43,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeQuery_05.java,141,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_prepareStatement_11.java,117,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_prepareStatement_66b.java,40,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeQuery_52c.java,42,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeQuery_01.java,61,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeQuery_51b.java,42,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeQuery_66b.java,43,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeQuery_07.java,124,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeQuery_51b.java,42,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_execute_04.java,69,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeQuery_12.java,107,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_prepareStatement_51b.java,39,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_execute_02.java,117,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeUpdate_61a.java,42,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeBatch_41.java,50,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeBatch_09.java,106,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeBatch_21.java,130,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_prepareStatement_31.java,51,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_prepareStatement_15.java,56,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeBatch_53d.java,45,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_execute_03.java,119,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_execute_52c.java,41,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeBatch_42.java,95,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeUpdate_53d.java,41,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_execute_06.java,124,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeBatch_12.java,69,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_execute_09.java,119,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeQuery_52c.java,42,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_prepareStatement_21.java,63,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeBatch_71b.java,46,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeQuery_52c.java,42,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeUpdate_74b.java,43,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_execute_66b.java,42,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeBatch_74b.java,47,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeUpdate_54e.java,41,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeQuery_42.java,103,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeBatch_54e.java,45,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeBatch_74b.java,47,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeUpdate_81_bad.java,41,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeUpdate_66b.java,42,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeBatch_06.java,78,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeUpdate_10.java,117,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_execute_66b.java,42,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeQuery_02.java,134,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeQuery_08.java,131,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_execute_03.java,89,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_execute_71b.java,42,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeUpdate_08.java,102,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_execute_61a.java,42,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeBatch_15.java,71,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeQuery_16.java,51,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeBatch_52c.java,45,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_execute_31.java,120,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_execute_22b.java,40,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeUpdate_41.java,48,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeUpdate_22b.java,40,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeBatch_09.java,73,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeUpdate_12.java,101,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeBatch_04.java,146,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_prepareStatement_53d.java,39,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_execute_31.java,91,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeBatch_31.java,126,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_execute_13.java,133,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeQuery_66b.java,43,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeBatch_13.java,125,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_prepareStatement_05.java,60,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeQuery_03.java,106,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeBatch_10.java,125,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeUpdate_06.java,124,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_prepareStatement_08.java,66,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeQuery_13.java,55,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_execute_04.java,140,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeUpdate_16.java,114,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeUpdate_02.java,89,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_execute_01.java,130,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeQuery_10.java,55,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeUpdate_09.java,119,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeUpdate_05.java,96,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_execute_16.java,63,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeUpdate_03.java,119,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeUpdate_52c.java,41,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_prepareStatement_54e.java,39,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_prepareStatement_15.java,69,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeBatch_09.java,68,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeBatch_51b.java,45,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeUpdate_13.java,118,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeQuery_71b.java,43,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_execute_10.java,133,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeQuery_53d.java,42,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_prepareStatement_52c.java,39,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeUpdate_31.java,102,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeUpdate_15.java,103,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeBatch_07.java,144,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_prepareStatement_04.java,124,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeBatch_73b.java,47,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_prepareStatement_01.java,113,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeBatch_03.java,73,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeUpdate_13.java,117,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_execute_06.java,94,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeQuery_05.java,125,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_prepareStatement_31.java,100,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeQuery_74b.java,44,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeBatch_66b.java,46,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeQuery_02.java,118,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_execute_07.java,138,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_execute_09.java,89,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeBatch_72b.java,47,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeUpdate_16.java,113,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_prepareStatement_08.java,74,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeBatch_72b.java,47,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeBatch_06.java,73,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_prepareStatement_12.java,67,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeBatch_61a.java,46,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeBatch_16.java,121,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeUpdate_51b.java,41,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_prepareStatement_81_bad.java,39,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeUpdate_10.java,118,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_execute_71b.java,42,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_execute_54e.java,41,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_prepareStatement_16.java,112,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeUpdate_53d.java,41,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_execute_09.java,54,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeBatch_51b.java,45,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_prepareStatement_13.java,116,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeUpdate_53d.java,41,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeBatch_54e.java,45,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeQuery_51b.java,42,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeBatch_12.java,125,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeQuery_51b.java,42,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeUpdate_72b.java,43,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeQuery_42.java,54,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_execute_17.java,60,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_execute_03.java,54,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeUpdate_03.java,67,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeUpdate_08.java,75,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_prepareStatement_10.java,116,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_prepareStatement_05.java,68,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_prepareStatement_73b.java,41,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_prepareStatement_21.java,121,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_prepareStatement_51b.java,39,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_prepareStatement_51b.java,39,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeQuery_31.java,138,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeUpdate_71b.java,42,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_execute_11.java,62,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeQuery_54e.java,42,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_execute_41.java,48,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeUpdate_09.java,67,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_execute_12.java,118,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeBatch_15.java,109,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeUpdate_02.java,62,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_execute_04.java,107,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeUpdate_74b.java,43,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeBatch_81_bad.java,45,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_execute_15.java,120,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeUpdate_06.java,72,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_prepareStatement_61a.java,40,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeBatch_22b.java,46,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeUpdate_66b.java,42,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_execute_04.java,125,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeBatch_61a.java,46,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeBatch_61a.java,46,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_prepareStatement_02.java,61,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeQuery_61a.java,43,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeBatch_15.java,127,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeQuery_72b.java,44,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_execute_01.java,95,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_prepareStatement_52c.java,39,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeUpdate_22b.java,40,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeQuery_16.java,115,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_execute_14.java,62,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_execute_42.java,122,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_prepareStatement_61a.java,40,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeQuery_14.java,120,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_execute_74b.java,43,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_prepareStatement_21.java,54,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_execute_09.java,105,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeBatch_54e.java,45,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeBatch_12.java,61,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeBatch_81_bad.java,45,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeUpdate_02.java,105,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeQuery_10.java,119,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_prepareStatement_13.java,88,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeQuery_17.java,119,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeQuery_11.java,120,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_prepareStatement_02.java,53,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_prepareStatement_22b.java,39,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeBatch_01.java,117,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeBatch_53d.java,45,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_prepareStatement_16.java,84,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_prepareStatement_10.java,88,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_execute_07.java,123,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_execute_81_bad.java,41,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_prepareStatement_53d.java,39,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_execute_51b.java,41,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeUpdate_08.java,118,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeUpdate_21.java,109,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeQuery_02.java,90,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeQuery_06.java,111,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeUpdate_02.java,54,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeBatch_01.java,134,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeQuery_13.java,119,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeQuery_21.java,94,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_prepareStatement_13.java,104,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeBatch_15.java,63,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeBatch_31.java,57,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeUpdate_08.java,67,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeQuery_54e.java,42,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeQuery_14.java,68,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_execute_51b.java,41,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_execute_72b.java,43,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeUpdate_74b.java,43,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_execute_06.java,110,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeQuery_07.java,68,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeUpdate_21.java,64,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeUpdate_05.java,69,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeBatch_07.java,128,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeQuery_01.java,56,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeBatch_12.java,107,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeQuery_08.java,103,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeUpdate_51b.java,41,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_execute_81_bad.java,41,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeBatch_04.java,130,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeQuery_41.java,49,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_execute_41.java,42,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeUpdate_21.java,55,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeUpdate_05.java,61,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeQuery_61a.java,43,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeUpdate_03.java,133,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_prepareStatement_10.java,104,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_execute_52c.java,41,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeQuery_09.java,106,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeUpdate_05.java,112,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_execute_06.java,59,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeQuery_05.java,97,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_prepareStatement_54e.java,39,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeUpdate_51b.java,41,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_prepareStatement_61a.java,40,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeQuery_04.java,70,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeQuery_17.java,66,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_execute_81_bad.java,41,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_execute_03.java,105,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeBatch_42.java,124,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_execute_17.java,65,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeBatch_05.java,75,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeQuery_53d.java,42,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_prepareStatement_71b.java,40,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_execute_08.java,75,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_prepareStatement_54e.java,39,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeQuery_81_bad.java,42,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeBatch_21.java,75,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_execute_52c.java,41,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeQuery_31.java,63,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeUpdate_05.java,126,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeBatch_06.java,116,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeUpdate_74b.java,43,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_prepareStatement_53d.java,39,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeBatch_52c.java,45,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_prepareStatement_07.java,104,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_execute_16.java,114,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_prepareStatement_05.java,124,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeBatch_54e.java,45,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeUpdate_31.java,107,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeUpdate_16.java,50,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeBatch_06.java,111,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_prepareStatement_17.java,64,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeBatch_66b.java,46,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeUpdate_42.java,137,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_execute_66b.java,42,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeQuery_15.java,137,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeQuery_17.java,121,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_prepareStatement_02.java,88,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_execute_72b.java,43,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeBatch_74b.java,47,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_prepareStatement_16.java,100,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeUpdate_09.java,133,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_prepareStatement_51b.java,39,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_prepareStatement_17.java,59,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_prepareStatement_03.java,61,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeQuery_13.java,120,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeQuery_04.java,125,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_execute_54e.java,41,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_prepareStatement_72b.java,41,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_execute_11.java,54,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeUpdate_71b.java,42,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeUpdate_61a.java,42,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeQuery_01.java,96,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeUpdate_10.java,62,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_execute_08.java,67,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_execute_66b.java,42,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeBatch_09.java,123,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_prepareStatement_08.java,145,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeUpdate_12.java,90,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_execute_17.java,135,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeQuery_73b.java,44,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeQuery_52c.java,42,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeUpdate_73b.java,43,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeQuery_03.java,119,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeBatch_81_bad.java,45,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeUpdate_07.java,67,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeQuery_14.java,63,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_execute_10.java,105,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeBatch_05.java,67,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeUpdate_81_bad.java,41,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeUpdate_41.java,42,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_execute_42.java,53,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_execute_04.java,96,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeQuery_31.java,54,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeUpdate_61a.java,42,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_execute_01.java,115,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeUpdate_74b.java,43,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeUpdate_13.java,100,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_prepareStatement_11.java,132,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeBatch_73b.java,47,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeQuery_15.java,58,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_prepareStatement_51b.java,39,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeQuery_53d.java,42,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeQuery_16.java,102,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeUpdate_01.java,46,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeQuery_01.java,131,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_prepareStatement_07.java,121,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeQuery_54e.java,42,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_prepareStatement_17.java,88,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeQuery_41.java,48,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_prepareStatement_14.java,118,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeUpdate_61a.java,42,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeUpdate_73b.java,43,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeBatch_66b.java,46,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_prepareStatement_52c.java,39,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeBatch_61a.java,46,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeQuery_13.java,68,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeQuery_73b.java,44,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_prepareStatement_71b.java,40,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeQuery_15.java,104,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_execute_07.java,110,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeQuery_21.java,123,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeBatch_41.java,51,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_execute_03.java,67,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeBatch_11.java,123,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeQuery_73b.java,44,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeUpdate_61a.java,42,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeBatch_81_bad.java,45,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeQuery_73b.java,44,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeBatch_73b.java,47,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeBatch_08.java,136,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeBatch_02.java,95,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_execute_52c.java,41,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeUpdate_21.java,124,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_prepareStatement_22b.java,39,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_execute_17.java,100,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeQuery_09.java,90,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_prepareStatement_41.java,44,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_execute_72b.java,43,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_execute_22b.java,40,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeUpdate_08.java,146,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_execute_02.java,133,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeUpdate_04.java,125,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_execute_02.java,67,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeUpdate_12.java,134,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_prepareStatement_09.java,132,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeBatch_17.java,124,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_execute_08.java,118,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeUpdate_13.java,89,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_prepareStatement_41.java,46,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeBatch_21.java,128,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeBatch_15.java,98,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeQuery_16.java,97,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_prepareStatement_81_bad.java,39,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_prepareStatement_03.java,88,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_execute_22b.java,40,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_prepareStatement_06.java,104,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_execute_01.java,113,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_prepareStatement_22b.java,39,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_prepareStatement_01.java,98,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeUpdate_15.java,108,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeUpdate_15.java,57,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_execute_07.java,67,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeQuery_02.java,101,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeQuery_12.java,121,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeBatch_03.java,125,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeUpdate_13.java,67,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_prepareStatement_06.java,121,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeBatch_06.java,65,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeQuery_42.java,92,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_prepareStatement_41.java,45,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_execute_72b.java,43,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_prepareStatement_53d.java,39,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_execute_02.java,119,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeBatch_08.java,137,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeBatch_04.java,75,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeUpdate_22b.java,40,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeBatch_41.java,51,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeUpdate_22b.java,40,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_execute_81_bad.java,41,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeUpdate_14.java,105,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_prepareStatement_06.java,122,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeBatch_22b.java,46,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeBatch_72b.java,47,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeBatch_05.java,80,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeQuery_01.java,47,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_execute_42.java,62,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeBatch_66b.java,46,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_prepareStatement_52c.java,39,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_execute_54e.java,41,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeBatch_66b.java,46,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeQuery_31.java,68,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeBatch_16.java,91,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_prepareStatement_42.java,51,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeQuery_31.java,108,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeUpdate_15.java,120,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_prepareStatement_03.java,66,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_prepareStatement_81_bad.java,39,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_prepareStatement_72b.java,41,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_prepareStatement_04.java,68,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeQuery_11.java,90,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeBatch_01.java,88,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeBatch_05.java,118,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeUpdate_11.java,62,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_prepareStatement_15.java,107,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_prepareStatement_31.java,118,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeUpdate_72b.java,43,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_prepareStatement_74b.java,41,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeUpdate_31.java,120,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeQuery_15.java,109,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeBatch_73b.java,47,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeBatch_10.java,123,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeUpdate_51b.java,41,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_execute_16.java,129,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeBatch_22b.java,46,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeQuery_66b.java,43,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_prepareStatement_12.java,54,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeBatch_71b.java,46,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeUpdate_71b.java,42,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeQuery_16.java,130,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeBatch_10.java,124,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeBatch_73b.java,47,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_execute_16.java,115,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_execute_53d.java,41,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_execute_02.java,118,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_execute_03.java,100,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeBatch_51b.java,45,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeUpdate_01.java,113,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeUpdate_54e.java,41,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeBatch_06.java,144,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_execute_13.java,117,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeQuery_66b.java,43,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeQuery_01.java,101,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_execute_54e.java,41,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeUpdate_21.java,122,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_prepareStatement_10.java,132,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeQuery_31.java,121,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeBatch_10.java,106,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_execute_31.java,120,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeUpdate_15.java,70,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_execute_03.java,118,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_execute_14.java,117,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeBatch_21.java,145,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeUpdate_12.java,68,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeUpdate_52c.java,41,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeBatch_61a.java,46,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeUpdate_06.java,67,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeBatch_17.java,95,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeQuery_53d.java,42,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_execute_42.java,107,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeQuery_13.java,63,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_prepareStatement_73b.java,41,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_execute_02.java,100,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeQuery_04.java,126,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeQuery_14.java,101,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeQuery_53d.java,42,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeUpdate_42.java,62,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeUpdate_10.java,133,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_execute_01.java,60,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeQuery_73b.java,44,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_execute_07.java,59,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_prepareStatement_21.java,68,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_execute_12.java,55,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeBatch_54e.java,45,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_execute_53d.java,41,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_prepareStatement_15.java,91,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeQuery_17.java,101,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_execute_11.java,117,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_execute_16.java,96,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_execute_72b.java,43,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeQuery_07.java,95,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeQuery_01.java,116,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeUpdate_03.java,54,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeUpdate_31.java,53,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeUpdate_53d.java,41,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_prepareStatement_12.java,119,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeQuery_54e.java,42,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_execute_05.java,107,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_prepareStatement_12.java,133,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeUpdate_66b.java,42,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeBatch_13.java,123,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeUpdate_13.java,133,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeQuery_15.java,71,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeUpdate_53d.java,41,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeUpdate_17.java,51,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_prepareStatement_03.java,104,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_execute_09.java,117,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_prepareStatement_61a.java,40,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeUpdate_07.java,138,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_prepareStatement_42.java,118,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_execute_22b.java,40,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_execute_73b.java,43,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeBatch_10.java,139,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeUpdate_14.java,54,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeQuery_54e.java,42,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeBatch_72b.java,47,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeUpdate_54e.java,41,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_prepareStatement_09.java,118,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeBatch_21.java,110,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeBatch_11.java,124,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_execute_52c.java,41,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeBatch_73b.java,47,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeBatch_08.java,119,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_execute_14.java,118,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeUpdate_74b.java,43,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeUpdate_01.java,60,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeUpdate_71b.java,42,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeQuery_22b.java,41,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_prepareStatement_14.java,53,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeQuery_17.java,136,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_prepareStatement_04.java,95,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeBatch_21.java,61,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeQuery_12.java,91,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeBatch_09.java,124,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeUpdate_51b.java,41,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeQuery_42.java,121,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeQuery_16.java,59,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeUpdate_31.java,67,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_execute_15.java,122,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeQuery_54e.java,42,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeBatch_81_bad.java,45,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeUpdate_09.java,62,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeUpdate_01.java,100,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeBatch_05.java,113,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_execute_17.java,120,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_prepareStatement_73b.java,41,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeBatch_06.java,129,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_prepareStatement_11.java,53,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_prepareStatement_01.java,82,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeQuery_03.java,134,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_prepareStatement_52c.java,39,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeBatch_21.java,70,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeQuery_03.java,118,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeQuery_17.java,52,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_prepareStatement_17.java,104,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeUpdate_17.java,120,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeQuery_06.java,123,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeUpdate_09.java,89,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_execute_02.java,89,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_prepareStatement_72b.java,41,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeQuery_81_bad.java,42,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_execute_10.java,54,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_execute_05.java,96,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_prepareStatement_74b.java,41,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_execute_53d.java,41,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_execute_21.java,104,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_prepareStatement_05.java,73,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeBatch_66b.java,46,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeUpdate_41.java,47,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeQuery_02.java,106,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeUpdate_17.java,118,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_prepareStatement_72b.java,41,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeBatch_05.java,146,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeUpdate_11.java,100,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeUpdate_71b.java,42,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeQuery_72b.java,44,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeUpdate_52c.java,41,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_prepareStatement_22b.java,39,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeUpdate_04.java,126,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeUpdate_42.java,67,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_execute_81_bad.java,41,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_execute_52c.java,41,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_prepareStatement_10.java,99,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeBatch_71b.java,46,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeUpdate_07.java,124,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeQuery_61a.java,43,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeBatch_04.java,118,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeUpdate_14.java,117,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_prepareStatement_02.java,66,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_prepareStatement_41.java,40,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeQuery_73b.java,44,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_prepareStatement_09.java,53,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_execute_81_bad.java,41,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_execute_73b.java,43,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_execute_22b.java,40,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_execute_10.java,62,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeBatch_51b.java,45,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeBatch_08.java,152,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_prepareStatement_21.java,123,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeQuery_14.java,134,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_prepareStatement_53d.java,39,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeBatch_54e.java,45,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_prepareStatement_66b.java,40,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeQuery_66b.java,43,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_prepareStatement_08.java,112,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeUpdate_09.java,100,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeBatch_42.java,111,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeUpdate_03.java,118,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeUpdate_52c.java,41,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_execute_52c.java,41,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeQuery_03.java,101,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_prepareStatement_21.java,103,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_execute_31.java,67,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeUpdate_06.java,123,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeBatch_81_bad.java,45,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeBatch_10.java,68,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeUpdate_11.java,89,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeBatch_04.java,80,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeBatch_53d.java,45,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_prepareStatement_05.java,106,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_execute_16.java,85,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_execute_04.java,74,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_execute_15.java,70,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_prepareStatement_72b.java,41,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_prepareStatement_22b.java,39,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_prepareStatement_07.java,137,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_prepareStatement_16.java,62,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeBatch_04.java,132,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeQuery_22b.java,41,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_execute_03.java,133,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeBatch_03.java,95,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeBatch_07.java,116,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeQuery_03.java,55,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeUpdate_73b.java,43,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeUpdate_51b.java,41,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeQuery_14.java,55,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeUpdate_14.java,89,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeBatch_01.java,117,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeBatch_07.java,78,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_execute_73b.java,43,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeQuery_17.java,119,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeBatch_14.java,95,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeUpdate_14.java,100,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_execute_21.java,93,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_prepareStatement_42.java,135,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeBatch_74b.java,47,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeQuery_53d.java,42,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_prepareStatement_14.java,66,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_execute_74b.java,43,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeUpdate_09.java,105,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeQuery_71b.java,43,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeUpdate_61a.java,42,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeBatch_08.java,81,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_execute_14.java,67,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeUpdate_73b.java,43,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_prepareStatement_02.java,117,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeUpdate_02.java,119,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeBatch_09.java,111,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_prepareStatement_73b.java,41,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeUpdate_72b.java,43,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeQuery_10.java,120,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_prepareStatement_01.java,44,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_execute_21.java,109,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeQuery_04.java,113,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeBatch_74b.java,47,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeBatch_11.java,60,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeBatch_15.java,128,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeQuery_03.java,63,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_prepareStatement_05.java,111,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_execute_04.java,112,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeBatch_21.java,99,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeQuery_09.java,63,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeUpdate_15.java,121,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeQuery_21.java,105,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeUpdate_22b.java,40,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeQuery_16.java,116,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_execute_06.java,138,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_prepareStatement_06.java,66,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeQuery_12.java,56,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeBatch_53d.java,45,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeQuery_74b.java,44,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeBatch_51b.java,45,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_execute_07.java,122,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeUpdate_01.java,84,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_execute_07.java,94,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeUpdate_08.java,132,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_execute_53d.java,41,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeUpdate_72b.java,43,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeQuery_41.java,49,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeBatch_42.java,57,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_execute_74b.java,43,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeQuery_22b.java,41,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeUpdate_03.java,105,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_execute_21.java,122,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeUpdate_02.java,67,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_prepareStatement_16.java,114,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeUpdate_16.java,96,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeQuery_54e.java,42,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeUpdate_10.java,100,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_prepareStatement_41.java,45,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_execute_01.java,84,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_prepareStatement_73b.java,41,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeQuery_52c.java,42,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeQuery_53d.java,42,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeQuery_07.java,123,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_execute_31.java,102,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeBatch_72b.java,47,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeBatch_06.java,128,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeUpdate_72b.java,43,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_prepareStatement_12.java,117,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_prepareStatement_41.java,46,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_execute_05.java,61,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeBatch_42.java,106,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeBatch_51b.java,45,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeUpdate_04.java,69,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_prepareStatement_73b.java,41,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeQuery_12.java,102,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_execute_13.java,62,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_execute_15.java,103,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_prepareStatement_61a.java,40,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeQuery_74b.java,44,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeQuery_21.java,110,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_execute_01.java,113,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeUpdate_54e.java,41,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_execute_04.java,126,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeBatch_17.java,66,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeUpdate_07.java,94,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeBatch_03.java,111,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_execute_61a.java,42,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeQuery_04.java,141,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeUpdate_54e.java,41,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeUpdate_81_bad.java,41,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeQuery_14.java,119,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_execute_61a.java,42,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_prepareStatement_06.java,137,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_prepareStatement_04.java,106,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_execute_31.java,137,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeQuery_06.java,95,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeUpdate_10.java,89,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeBatch_05.java,130,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_prepareStatement_13.java,132,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeUpdate_17.java,118,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_prepareStatement_42.java,118,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_prepareStatement_14.java,104,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeBatch_51b.java,45,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeBatch_42.java,66,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_execute_05.java,140,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeBatch_05.java,102,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeQuery_51b.java,42,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeUpdate_71b.java,42,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeQuery_15.java,123,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_prepareStatement_74b.java,41,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeQuery_21.java,56,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeBatch_51b.java,45,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeBatch_02.java,73,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeQuery_13.java,134,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeBatch_71b.java,46,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_prepareStatement_53d.java,39,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeBatch_08.java,86,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_execute_61a.java,42,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeBatch_61a.java,46,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeQuery_16.java,64,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeUpdate_72b.java,43,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeUpdate_52c.java,41,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeQuery_05.java,108,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_execute_66b.java,42,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_prepareStatement_81_bad.java,39,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeUpdate_04.java,61,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeQuery_16.java,114,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeUpdate_05.java,140,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_execute_05.java,126,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_prepareStatement_14.java,88,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_prepareStatement_01.java,111,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeUpdate_31.java,122,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_execute_73b.java,43,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_prepareStatement_31.java,89,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeUpdate_01.java,95,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeBatch_81_bad.java,45,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeBatch_11.java,68,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_execute_05.java,112,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeBatch_14.java,125,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_execute_05.java,74,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeBatch_12.java,96,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeUpdate_22b.java,40,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeBatch_11.java,106,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeBatch_10.java,60,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeQuery_02.java,63,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeUpdate_16.java,85,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_prepareStatement_31.java,105,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeBatch_17.java,106,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_prepareStatement_01.java,53,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeQuery_71b.java,43,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeUpdate_42.java,107,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_execute_10.java,117,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_execute_74b.java,43,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_prepareStatement_73b.java,41,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_execute_53d.java,41,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeQuery_51b.java,42,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeBatch_07.java,73,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeBatch_03.java,139,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_prepareStatement_07.java,66,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_prepareStatement_03.java,117,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_execute_16.java,113,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_execute_06.java,105,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_execute_31.java,62,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_execute_05.java,125,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeBatch_41.java,52,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeQuery_31.java,123,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeBatch_17.java,57,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeBatch_73b.java,47,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeQuery_12.java,69,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_prepareStatement_73b.java,41,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeBatch_09.java,139,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_prepareStatement_71b.java,40,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeQuery_15.java,122,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeQuery_22b.java,41,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeBatch_13.java,124,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_prepareStatement_07.java,58,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeQuery_01.java,114,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_prepareStatement_51b.java,39,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_prepareStatement_11.java,116,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_prepareStatement_11.java,99,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeQuery_61a.java,43,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeUpdate_66b.java,42,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_prepareStatement_07.java,123,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeQuery_72b.java,44,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeUpdate_08.java,80,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeUpdate_12.java,118,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_execute_21.java,124,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_prepareStatement_61a.java,40,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeUpdate_51b.java,41,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_execute_73b.java,43,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeQuery_72b.java,44,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_execute_12.java,63,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeBatch_01.java,50,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeQuery_03.java,120,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeBatch_10.java,111,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeBatch_02.java,125,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeQuery_02.java,55,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeUpdate_10.java,105,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_prepareStatement_53d.java,39,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeQuery_11.java,106,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeQuery_06.java,125,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_execute_51b.java,41,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeQuery_14.java,106,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeUpdate_13.java,105,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeBatch_54e.java,45,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeBatch_04.java,67,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeBatch_73b.java,47,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeBatch_74b.java,47,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_execute_42.java,120,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeUpdate_74b.java,43,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeBatch_05.java,132,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_execute_14.java,105,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeBatch_07.java,65,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeBatch_08.java,138,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_execute_17.java,105,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_prepareStatement_12.java,118,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeQuery_08.java,68,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_prepareStatement_07.java,71,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeQuery_66b.java,43,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeBatch_51b.java,45,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeQuery_17.java,106,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeUpdate_02.java,118,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeBatch_41.java,52,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_execute_42.java,91,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeQuery_21.java,125,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeBatch_13.java,111,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_prepareStatement_52c.java,39,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeQuery_73b.java,44,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_execute_14.java,89,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeUpdate_54e.java,41,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeUpdate_02.java,117,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeUpdate_53d.java,41,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_execute_11.java,89,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_execute_53d.java,41,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_prepareStatement_72b.java,41,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_prepareStatement_72b.java,41,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeQuery_53d.java,42,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeBatch_17.java,71,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeBatch_53d.java,45,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_execute_41.java,46,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeUpdate_05.java,125,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_prepareStatement_17.java,99,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeUpdate_08.java,131,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_prepareStatement_14.java,99,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeQuery_51b.java,42,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_execute_21.java,69,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_prepareStatement_42.java,100,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeQuery_54e.java,42,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeQuery_72b.java,44,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeQuery_09.java,120,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_execute_17.java,118,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeQuery_05.java,62,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_prepareStatement_10.java,61,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_execute_21.java,139,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_execute_72b.java,43,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeBatch_16.java,107,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeBatch_66b.java,46,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_execute_31.java,122,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeUpdate_71b.java,42,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeQuery_53d.java,42,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeUpdate_42.java,91,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeQuery_74b.java,44,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_prepareStatement_02.java,116,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_execute_22b.java,40,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeUpdate_72b.java,43,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_prepareStatement_13.java,61,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeQuery_51b.java,42,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeQuery_42.java,121,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_prepareStatement_54e.java,39,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeBatch_01.java,59,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeUpdate_54e.java,41,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_prepareStatement_09.java,117,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeBatch_31.java,95,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeUpdate_21.java,122,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeUpdate_81_bad.java,41,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_prepareStatement_22b.java,39,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeBatch_14.java,73,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeBatch_61a.java,46,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeUpdate_07.java,105,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_prepareStatement_01.java,58,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_prepareStatement_74b.java,41,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeQuery_52c.java,42,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeBatch_52c.java,45,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeUpdate_73b.java,43,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeUpdate_05.java,124,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeUpdate_08.java,130,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeQuery_74b.java,44,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_execute_51b.java,41,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeUpdate_61a.java,42,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeQuery_13.java,118,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_prepareStatement_16.java,57,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeBatch_22b.java,46,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_prepareStatement_15.java,120,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_prepareStatement_04.java,73,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeBatch_11.java,73,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeUpdate_61a.java,42,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeQuery_31.java,103,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_execute_73b.java,43,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeUpdate_42.java,102,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_execute_17.java,89,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_execute_15.java,136,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_prepareStatement_31.java,120,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_prepareStatement_13.java,53,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeQuery_09.java,68,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeUpdate_66b.java,42,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeQuery_06.java,73,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeQuery_10.java,90,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_prepareStatement_21.java,92,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_execute_74b.java,43,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_prepareStatement_61a.java,40,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeUpdate_51b.java,41,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeQuery_03.java,68,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeQuery_13.java,90,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_prepareStatement_53d.java,39,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_prepareStatement_74b.java,41,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_prepareStatement_71b.java,40,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeQuery_10.java,118,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_prepareStatement_03.java,132,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeUpdate_14.java,119,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_prepareStatement_10.java,53,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeQuery_02.java,119,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeUpdate_73b.java,43,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeBatch_74b.java,47,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeBatch_12.java,124,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_prepareStatement_16.java,49,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_execute_12.java,119,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeBatch_04.java,113,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeQuery_71b.java,43,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeBatch_15.java,142,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_prepareStatement_22b.java,39,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeUpdate_17.java,65,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeQuery_08.java,132,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_prepareStatement_66b.java,40,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_execute_15.java,121,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeBatch_66b.java,46,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeQuery_66b.java,43,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_prepareStatement_71b.java,40,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_execute_03.java,62,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeUpdate_14.java,67,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_execute_71b.java,42,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeBatch_71b.java,46,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeQuery_72b.java,44,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeBatch_22b.java,46,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeUpdate_66b.java,42,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_execute_06.java,67,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_prepareStatement_66b.java,40,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeBatch_12.java,140,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeUpdate_11.java,119,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeQuery_05.java,126,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeQuery_42.java,138,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeQuery_71b.java,43,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_execute_71b.java,42,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeBatch_07.java,111,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeBatch_22b.java,46,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_prepareStatement_05.java,123,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_prepareStatement_21.java,121,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_prepareStatement_10.java,118,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeBatch_04.java,131,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_execute_14.java,119,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_execute_11.java,119,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_execute_71b.java,42,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_execute_17.java,51,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_prepareStatement_08.java,129,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeUpdate_66b.java,42,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_execute_41.java,42,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_execute_14.java,54,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeQuery_66b.java,43,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_execute_09.java,62,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_execute_53d.java,41,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeBatch_54e.java,45,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeBatch_42.java,126,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_prepareStatement_13.java,118,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeUpdate_52c.java,41,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeBatch_74b.java,47,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeBatch_07.java,129,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeUpdate_14.java,133,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeUpdate_13.java,62,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeQuery_12.java,64,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeQuery_81_bad.java,42,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_prepareStatement_52c.java,39,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_prepareStatement_21.java,108,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeQuery_16.java,86,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeQuery_15.java,66,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeBatch_52c.java,45,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeUpdate_16.java,58,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeUpdate_71b.java,42,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_prepareStatement_81_bad.java,39,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_execute_73b.java,43,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeBatch_53d.java,45,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeBatch_53d.java,45,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeUpdate_52c.java,41,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeUpdate_11.java,67,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeQuery_22b.java,41,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_prepareStatement_22b.java,39,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_execute_11.java,105,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_execute_52c.java,41,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeUpdate_13.java,54,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeQuery_22b.java,41,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeUpdate_81_bad.java,41,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_prepareStatement_02.java,104,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeUpdate_16.java,101,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_execute_73b.java,43,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeBatch_15.java,126,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeBatch_31.java,124,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeBatch_01.java,99,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_prepareStatement_05.java,95,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_execute_81_bad.java,41,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeQuery_41.java,44,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeUpdate_11.java,133,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeBatch_61a.java,46,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_execute_45.java,205,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_execute_45.java,53,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_prepareStatement_75b.java,51,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_prepareStatement_75b.java,152,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeBatch_75b.java,164,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeBatch_75b.java,57,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_execute_67b.java,42,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_execute_67b.java,100,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeUpdate_75b.java,147,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_execute_68b.java,100,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeUpdate_75b.java,53,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeBatch_45.java,57,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeBatch_45.java,215,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_execute_68b.java,42,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_prepareStatement_45.java,128,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__Property_prepareStatement_68b.java,98,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__Environment_executeBatch_67b.java,46,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__Property_prepareStatement_68b.java,40,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__Environment_executeBatch_67b.java,110,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_prepareStatement_45.java,133,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeQuery_45.java,197,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeQuery_45.java,53,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_prepareStatement_45.java,45,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_prepareStatement_45.java,46,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__Environment_executeQuery_45.java,47,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__Environment_executeQuery_45.java,128,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeQuery_67b.java,43,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_prepareStatement_67b.java,98,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_prepareStatement_67b.java,40,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeQuery_75b.java,161,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeQuery_67b.java,107,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeQuery_75b.java,54,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeUpdate_45.java,53,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeUpdate_45.java,198,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeUpdate_67b.java,93,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeUpdate_67b.java,42,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_prepareStatement_81_goodG2B.java,39,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeBatch_67b.java,110,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_execute_45.java,48,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeBatch_45.java,56,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_execute_45.java,135,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeBatch_45.java,198,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__Environment_execute_75b.java,154,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeUpdate_68b.java,42,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__Environment_execute_75b.java,53,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeUpdate_68b.java,93,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeBatch_67b.java,46,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeQuery_75b.java,54,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeQuery_75b.java,161,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeBatch_45.java,51,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_execute_81_bad.java,41,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__Environment_executeUpdate_75b.java,53,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeBatch_45.java,131,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeUpdate_68b.java,93,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeUpdate_68b.java,42,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeUpdate_67b.java,42,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeQuery_68b.java,43,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeUpdate_67b.java,93,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeQuery_68b.java,107,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_execute_45.java,121,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__Property_executeUpdate_68b.java,42,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_execute_45.java,47,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_prepareStatement_68b.java,40,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_prepareStatement_68b.java,98,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeUpdate_45.java,52,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeUpdate_45.java,181,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeBatch_75b.java,57,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeBatch_75b.java,164,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeQuery_45.java,48,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeQuery_45.java,137,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__Environment_executeUpdate_75b.java,147,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_prepareStatement_67b.java,40,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_prepareStatement_67b.java,98,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__Property_executeUpdate_45.java,114,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeQuery_67b.java,43,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeQuery_67b.java,107,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__Property_executeUpdate_45.java,46,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_execute_75b.java,154,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_execute_75b.java,53,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeBatch_81_goodG2B.java,45,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeUpdate_67b.java,93,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeUpdate_67b.java,42,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__Property_executeQuery_81_bad.java,42,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeBatch_68b.java,110,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeQuery_68b.java,43,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__Environment_prepareStatement_81_bad.java,39,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeQuery_68b.java,107,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_execute_75b.java,53,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_execute_75b.java,154,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeBatch_68b.java,46,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeUpdate_67b.java,93,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeUpdate_75b.java,147,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeUpdate_75b.java,53,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeUpdate_67b.java,42,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeQuery_75b.java,54,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeUpdate_75b.java,53,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeQuery_75b.java,161,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeUpdate_75b.java,147,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_execute_81_goodG2B.java,41,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_prepareStatement_67b.java,98,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_prepareStatement_67b.java,40,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_execute_75b.java,53,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_execute_75b.java,154,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_prepareStatement_68b.java,40,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeBatch_45.java,180,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeQuery_45.java,142,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeBatch_45.java,55,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_prepareStatement_68b.java,98,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeBatch_67b.java,46,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeBatch_67b.java,110,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeQuery_45.java,49,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_prepareStatement_67b.java,40,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_prepareStatement_67b.java,98,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__Environment_prepareStatement_68b.java,40,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__Property_executeBatch_75b.java,57,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__Environment_prepareStatement_68b.java,98,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__Property_executeBatch_75b.java,164,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeUpdate_75b.java,53,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_execute_68b.java,100,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_prepareStatement_45.java,157,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_prepareStatement_67b.java,40,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_prepareStatement_45.java,50,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_prepareStatement_67b.java,98,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeBatch_45.java,140,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeBatch_45.java,51,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeBatch_68b.java,110,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_execute_75b.java,154,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_execute_75b.java,53,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_prepareStatement_68b.java,98,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeBatch_68b.java,46,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_prepareStatement_68b.java,40,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__Property_executeUpdate_67b.java,42,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeUpdate_67b.java,42,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeUpdate_67b.java,93,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__Property_executeUpdate_67b.java,93,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__Property_prepareStatement_45.java,44,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_prepareStatement_45.java,51,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeQuery_67b.java,43,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__Property_prepareStatement_45.java,119,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeQuery_67b.java,107,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeQuery_67b.java,43,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_prepareStatement_45.java,186,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeQuery_67b.java,107,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeQuery_67b.java,43,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeQuery_67b.java,107,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__Property_executeBatch_68b.java,110,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__Property_executeBatch_68b.java,46,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_execute_45.java,47,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_execute_45.java,130,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_execute_67b.java,100,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_execute_67b.java,42,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeUpdate_75b.java,147,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeQuery_68b.java,43,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_execute_68b.java,100,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_execute_68b.java,42,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_execute_67b.java,42,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_execute_67b.java,100,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_prepareStatement_75b.java,152,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_prepareStatement_75b.java,51,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeQuery_68b.java,107,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeUpdate_68b.java,42,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__Property_executeUpdate_68b.java,93,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeUpdate_68b.java,93,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_execute_45.java,170,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_execute_45.java,51,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_execute_68b.java,100,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_execute_68b.java,42,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeBatch_68b.java,46,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeBatch_68b.java,110,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_prepareStatement_45.java,45,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeBatch_75b.java,57,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_prepareStatement_68b.java,98,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_prepareStatement_45.java,119,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeBatch_75b.java,164,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_prepareStatement_68b.java,40,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_prepareStatement_45.java,50,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_prepareStatement_45.java,188,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__Environment_executeUpdate_67b.java,93,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__Environment_executeUpdate_67b.java,42,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_prepareStatement_68b.java,40,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_prepareStatement_68b.java,98,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_execute_68b.java,42,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeBatch_68b.java,46,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__Environment_execute_45.java,46,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__Environment_execute_45.java,121,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_prepareStatement_45.java,49,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_prepareStatement_45.java,168,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_prepareStatement_81_goodG2B.java,39,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__Property_execute_67b.java,42,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__Property_executeUpdate_75b.java,53,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__Property_executeUpdate_75b.java,147,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__Property_execute_67b.java,100,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_prepareStatement_45.java,186,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_prepareStatement_45.java,50,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_execute_67b.java,100,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeBatch_68b.java,110,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeBatch_68b.java,46,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_execute_67b.java,42,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeBatch_75b.java,164,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeBatch_75b.java,57,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_execute_75b.java,53,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_execute_67b.java,100,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_execute_67b.java,42,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeBatch_75b.java,164,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeUpdate_67b.java,42,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeBatch_75b.java,57,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeUpdate_67b.java,93,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_execute_67b.java,42,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_execute_67b.java,100,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_execute_75b.java,154,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_prepareStatement_75b.java,152,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_prepareStatement_75b.java,51,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_prepareStatement_81_bad.java,39,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeBatch_68b.java,110,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__Environment_execute_68b.java,100,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeBatch_68b.java,110,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_prepareStatement_45.java,51,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__Environment_execute_68b.java,42,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__Environment_executeQuery_67b.java,43,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__Environment_executeQuery_67b.java,107,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeBatch_68b.java,46,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_prepareStatement_45.java,173,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_prepareStatement_75b.java,152,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_prepareStatement_75b.java,51,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeUpdate_45.java,123,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeUpdate_75b.java,53,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeUpdate_45.java,47,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeUpdate_75b.java,147,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeQuery_45.java,166,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeQuery_45.java,53,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeUpdate_45.java,168,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeUpdate_45.java,53,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeBatch_75b.java,57,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeBatch_75b.java,164,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_prepareStatement_68b.java,98,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_prepareStatement_68b.java,40,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__Environment_executeUpdate_45.java,114,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__Environment_executeUpdate_45.java,46,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_execute_75b.java,154,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeUpdate_75b.java,53,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeUpdate_67b.java,42,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeUpdate_75b.java,147,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeUpdate_45.java,114,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_execute_75b.java,53,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeUpdate_45.java,47,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeUpdate_75b.java,53,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeUpdate_67b.java,93,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeUpdate_75b.java,147,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeBatch_68b.java,46,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeBatch_68b.java,110,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeUpdate_68b.java,93,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_prepareStatement_81_goodG2B.java,39,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeUpdate_68b.java,42,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeQuery_75b.java,161,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeQuery_75b.java,54,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_execute_45.java,159,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeBatch_45.java,56,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeBatch_45.java,169,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_execute_45.java,52,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeQuery_75b.java,54,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeQuery_75b.java,161,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__Property_prepareStatement_67b.java,98,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeBatch_75b.java,57,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeBatch_75b.java,164,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_prepareStatement_75b.java,152,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_prepareStatement_75b.java,51,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_execute_75b.java,53,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_execute_75b.java,154,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeQuery_67b.java,43,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeQuery_67b.java,107,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_execute_75b.java,53,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_execute_75b.java,154,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__Property_prepareStatement_67b.java,40,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeQuery_45.java,195,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeQuery_45.java,54,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_execute_45.java,53,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_execute_45.java,188,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__Environment_executeBatch_68b.java,46,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__Environment_executeBatch_68b.java,110,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_execute_45.java,53,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_execute_45.java,175,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__Environment_prepareStatement_45.java,44,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeQuery_75b.java,161,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__Environment_prepareStatement_45.java,119,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_execute_68b.java,42,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_execute_68b.java,100,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_execute_75b.java,53,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_execute_75b.java,154,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__Property_execute_45.java,121,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__Property_execute_45.java,46,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_prepareStatement_67b.java,98,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_prepareStatement_67b.java,40,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeQuery_75b.java,54,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__Property_execute_75b.java,154,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__Property_execute_75b.java,53,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_prepareStatement_67b.java,40,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeBatch_67b.java,110,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeQuery_45.java,177,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeQuery_45.java,52,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeBatch_45.java,145,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeBatch_67b.java,46,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeBatch_45.java,52,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__Environment_executeBatch_81_bad.java,45,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_prepareStatement_67b.java,98,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeQuery_68b.java,43,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_prepareStatement_81_goodG2B.java,39,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeQuery_68b.java,107,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeBatch_67b.java,46,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeBatch_68b.java,46,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeBatch_68b.java,110,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_prepareStatement_75b.java,152,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeQuery_67b.java,107,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeQuery_67b.java,107,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeUpdate_45.java,52,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_prepareStatement_75b.java,51,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeQuery_67b.java,43,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeQuery_81_bad.java,42,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeUpdate_45.java,152,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__Environment_executeQuery_75b.java,54,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__Environment_executeQuery_75b.java,161,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeBatch_67b.java,110,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_prepareStatement_68b.java,40,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_prepareStatement_68b.java,98,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeUpdate_75b.java,53,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeUpdate_75b.java,147,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeUpdate_81_goodG2B.java,41,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeQuery_45.java,195,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeQuery_68b.java,43,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_execute_68b.java,42,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__Property_executeQuery_45.java,128,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeQuery_45.java,53,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeQuery_68b.java,107,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_execute_68b.java,100,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__Property_executeQuery_45.java,47,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_prepareStatement_81_bad.java,39,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeBatch_67b.java,110,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeBatch_67b.java,46,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeQuery_81_goodG2B.java,42,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__Property_prepareStatement_75b.java,51,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__Property_prepareStatement_75b.java,152,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_prepareStatement_75b.java,51,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_execute_75b.java,53,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_prepareStatement_75b.java,152,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeUpdate_67b.java,93,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_execute_75b.java,154,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__Property_executeQuery_67b.java,107,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeUpdate_67b.java,42,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__Property_executeQuery_67b.java,43,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_prepareStatement_67b.java,98,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_prepareStatement_67b.java,40,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeQuery_45.java,182,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeQuery_45.java,54,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_prepareStatement_68b.java,40,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_prepareStatement_68b.java,98,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeUpdate_67b.java,42,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeUpdate_67b.java,93,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeUpdate_68b.java,93,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeUpdate_68b.java,42,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeQuery_81_goodG2B.java,42,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_execute_67b.java,100,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_execute_67b.java,42,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeUpdate_67b.java,42,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeBatch_67b.java,110,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeUpdate_67b.java,93,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeQuery_68b.java,107,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeBatch_67b.java,46,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeQuery_68b.java,43,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_execute_67b.java,100,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_execute_67b.java,42,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeUpdate_75b.java,147,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeBatch_67b.java,46,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeBatch_67b.java,110,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__Property_executeBatch_45.java,50,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeUpdate_75b.java,53,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__Property_executeBatch_45.java,131,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__Environment_prepareStatement_67b.java,98,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__Environment_prepareStatement_67b.java,40,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeBatch_67b.java,46,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeBatch_67b.java,110,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeUpdate_68b.java,93,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeUpdate_68b.java,42,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeQuery_68b.java,107,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeQuery_68b.java,43,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeQuery_68b.java,43,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeUpdate_45.java,183,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeQuery_68b.java,107,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeUpdate_45.java,52,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeUpdate_45.java,48,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeUpdate_45.java,128,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__Property_executeQuery_68b.java,107,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__Property_executeQuery_68b.java,43,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeQuery_68b.java,43,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeUpdate_68b.java,42,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeQuery_68b.java,107,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeUpdate_45.java,163,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeUpdate_45.java,51,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeUpdate_68b.java,93,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeBatch_45.java,57,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeBatch_45.java,198,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__Environment_execute_67b.java,100,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeBatch_67b.java,46,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__Environment_execute_67b.java,42,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeBatch_67b.java,110,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeUpdate_68b.java,42,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeUpdate_68b.java,93,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeQuery_68b.java,43,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeQuery_68b.java,107,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__Property_execute_68b.java,42,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__Environment_executeBatch_81_goodG2B.java,45,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeBatch_68b.java,46,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_execute_68b.java,42,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeBatch_68b.java,110,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_execute_68b.java,100,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__Property_execute_68b.java,100,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__Environment_executeBatch_75b.java,164,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__Environment_executeBatch_75b.java,57,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__Environment_executeBatch_45.java,131,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__Environment_executeBatch_45.java,50,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_prepareStatement_68b.java,98,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeQuery_81_goodG2B.java,42,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_prepareStatement_68b.java,40,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeQuery_67b.java,43,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeQuery_45.java,48,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeQuery_45.java,128,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeUpdate_68b.java,42,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeBatch_68b.java,110,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeBatch_68b.java,46,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__Environment_executeQuery_68b.java,43,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeUpdate_68b.java,93,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__Environment_executeQuery_68b.java,107,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_prepareStatement_68b.java,40,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeQuery_67b.java,107,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeQuery_67b.java,43,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeUpdate_81_bad.java,41,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_prepareStatement_68b.java,98,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeBatch_75b.java,57,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeBatch_75b.java,164,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeQuery_75b.java,161,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeQuery_75b.java,54,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeBatch_45.java,185,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__Property_executeBatch_67b.java,110,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__Property_executeBatch_67b.java,46,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeBatch_75b.java,57,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeBatch_75b.java,164,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_prepareStatement_67b.java,98,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_prepareStatement_67b.java,40,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_execute_68b.java,42,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_execute_68b.java,100,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeBatch_45.java,57,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__Environment_prepareStatement_75b.java,152,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_execute_67b.java,100,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeQuery_75b.java,54,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeQuery_75b.java,161,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_execute_67b.java,42,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__Environment_prepareStatement_75b.java,51,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_prepareStatement_45.java,51,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_prepareStatement_45.java,203,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeUpdate_68b.java,93,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeUpdate_68b.java,42,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeBatch_45.java,56,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeQuery_45.java,54,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeBatch_45.java,200,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeQuery_45.java,212,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_prepareStatement_75b.java,51,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_execute_68b.java,42,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeQuery_75b.java,54,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_prepareStatement_75b.java,152,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeBatch_75b.java,57,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeBatch_75b.java,164,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeQuery_75b.java,161,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_prepareStatement_75b.java,152,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_execute_45.java,52,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_prepareStatement_75b.java,51,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_execute_68b.java,42,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_execute_45.java,188,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_execute_68b.java,100,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_execute_68b.java,100,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__Property_executeQuery_75b.java,54,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeUpdate_45.java,181,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__Property_executeQuery_75b.java,161,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeUpdate_45.java,53,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeUpdate_81_bad.java,41,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeQuery_81_bad.java,42,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeQuery_75b.java,54,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_prepareStatement_75b.java,51,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_execute_45.java,190,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_prepareStatement_75b.java,152,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeQuery_67b.java,43,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeQuery_75b.java,161,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeUpdate_75b.java,53,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_execute_67b.java,100,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeUpdate_75b.java,147,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_execute_45.java,52,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeBatch_67b.java,46,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_execute_67b.java,42,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeQuery_67b.java,107,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeBatch_67b.java,110,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__Environment_executeUpdate_68b.java,93,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__Environment_executeUpdate_68b.java,42,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_prepareStatement_67b.java,98,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_prepareStatement_67b.java,40,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,badpositive
