s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_execute_45.java,205,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_prepareStatement_75b.java,152,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeBatch_75b.java,164,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_execute_67b.java,100,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeUpdate_75b.java,147,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_execute_68b.java,100,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeBatch_45.java,215,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_prepareStatement_45.java,128,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__Property_prepareStatement_68b.java,98,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__Environment_executeBatch_67b.java,110,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_prepareStatement_45.java,133,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeQuery_45.java,197,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__Environment_executeQuery_45.java,128,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_prepareStatement_67b.java,98,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeQuery_75b.java,161,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeQuery_67b.java,107,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeUpdate_45.java,198,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeUpdate_67b.java,93,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeBatch_67b.java,110,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_execute_45.java,135,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeBatch_45.java,198,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__Environment_execute_75b.java,154,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeUpdate_68b.java,93,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeQuery_75b.java,161,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeBatch_45.java,131,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeUpdate_68b.java,93,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeUpdate_67b.java,93,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeQuery_68b.java,107,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_execute_45.java,121,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_prepareStatement_68b.java,98,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeUpdate_45.java,181,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeBatch_75b.java,164,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeQuery_45.java,137,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__Environment_executeUpdate_75b.java,147,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_prepareStatement_67b.java,98,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__Property_executeUpdate_45.java,114,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeQuery_67b.java,107,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_execute_75b.java,154,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeUpdate_67b.java,93,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeBatch_68b.java,110,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeQuery_68b.java,107,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_execute_75b.java,154,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeUpdate_67b.java,93,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeUpdate_75b.java,147,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeQuery_75b.java,161,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeUpdate_75b.java,147,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_prepareStatement_67b.java,98,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_execute_75b.java,154,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeBatch_45.java,180,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeQuery_45.java,142,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_prepareStatement_68b.java,98,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeBatch_67b.java,110,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_prepareStatement_67b.java,98,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__Environment_prepareStatement_68b.java,98,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__Property_executeBatch_75b.java,164,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_execute_68b.java,100,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_prepareStatement_45.java,157,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_prepareStatement_67b.java,98,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeBatch_45.java,140,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeBatch_68b.java,110,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_execute_75b.java,154,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_prepareStatement_68b.java,98,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeUpdate_67b.java,93,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__Property_executeUpdate_67b.java,93,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__Property_prepareStatement_45.java,119,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeQuery_67b.java,107,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_prepareStatement_45.java,186,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeQuery_67b.java,107,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeQuery_67b.java,107,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__Property_executeBatch_68b.java,110,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_execute_45.java,130,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_execute_67b.java,100,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeUpdate_75b.java,147,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_execute_68b.java,100,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_execute_67b.java,100,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_prepareStatement_75b.java,152,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeQuery_68b.java,107,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__Property_executeUpdate_68b.java,93,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeUpdate_68b.java,93,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_execute_45.java,170,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_execute_68b.java,100,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeBatch_68b.java,110,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_prepareStatement_68b.java,98,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_prepareStatement_45.java,119,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeBatch_75b.java,164,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_prepareStatement_45.java,188,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__Environment_executeUpdate_67b.java,93,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_prepareStatement_68b.java,98,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__Environment_execute_45.java,121,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_prepareStatement_45.java,168,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__Property_executeUpdate_75b.java,147,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__Property_execute_67b.java,100,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_prepareStatement_45.java,186,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_execute_67b.java,100,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeBatch_68b.java,110,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeBatch_75b.java,164,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_execute_67b.java,100,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeBatch_75b.java,164,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeUpdate_67b.java,93,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_execute_67b.java,100,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_execute_75b.java,154,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_prepareStatement_75b.java,152,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeBatch_68b.java,110,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__Environment_execute_68b.java,100,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeBatch_68b.java,110,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__Environment_executeQuery_67b.java,107,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_prepareStatement_45.java,173,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_prepareStatement_75b.java,152,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeUpdate_45.java,123,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeUpdate_75b.java,147,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeQuery_45.java,166,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeUpdate_45.java,168,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeBatch_75b.java,164,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_prepareStatement_68b.java,98,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__Environment_executeUpdate_45.java,114,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_execute_75b.java,154,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeUpdate_75b.java,147,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeUpdate_45.java,114,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeUpdate_67b.java,93,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeUpdate_75b.java,147,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeBatch_68b.java,110,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeUpdate_68b.java,93,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeQuery_75b.java,161,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_execute_45.java,159,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeBatch_45.java,169,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeQuery_75b.java,161,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__Property_prepareStatement_67b.java,98,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeBatch_75b.java,164,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_prepareStatement_75b.java,152,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_execute_75b.java,154,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeQuery_67b.java,107,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_execute_75b.java,154,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeQuery_45.java,195,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_execute_45.java,188,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__Environment_executeBatch_68b.java,110,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_execute_45.java,175,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeQuery_75b.java,161,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__Environment_prepareStatement_45.java,119,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_execute_68b.java,100,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_execute_75b.java,154,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__Property_execute_45.java,121,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_prepareStatement_67b.java,98,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__Property_execute_75b.java,154,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeBatch_67b.java,110,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeQuery_45.java,177,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeBatch_45.java,145,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_prepareStatement_67b.java,98,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeQuery_68b.java,107,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeBatch_68b.java,110,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_prepareStatement_75b.java,152,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeQuery_67b.java,107,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeQuery_67b.java,107,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeUpdate_45.java,152,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__Environment_executeQuery_75b.java,161,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeBatch_67b.java,110,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_prepareStatement_68b.java,98,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeUpdate_75b.java,147,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeQuery_45.java,195,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__Property_executeQuery_45.java,128,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeQuery_68b.java,107,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_execute_68b.java,100,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeBatch_67b.java,110,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__Property_prepareStatement_75b.java,152,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_prepareStatement_75b.java,152,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeUpdate_67b.java,93,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_execute_75b.java,154,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__Property_executeQuery_67b.java,107,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_prepareStatement_67b.java,98,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeQuery_45.java,182,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_prepareStatement_68b.java,98,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeUpdate_67b.java,93,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeUpdate_68b.java,93,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_execute_67b.java,100,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeBatch_67b.java,110,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeUpdate_67b.java,93,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeQuery_68b.java,107,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_execute_67b.java,100,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeUpdate_75b.java,147,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeBatch_67b.java,110,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__Property_executeBatch_45.java,131,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__Environment_prepareStatement_67b.java,98,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeBatch_67b.java,110,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeUpdate_68b.java,93,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeQuery_68b.java,107,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeUpdate_45.java,183,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeQuery_68b.java,107,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeUpdate_45.java,128,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__Property_executeQuery_68b.java,107,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeQuery_68b.java,107,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeUpdate_45.java,163,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeUpdate_68b.java,93,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeBatch_45.java,198,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__Environment_execute_67b.java,100,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeBatch_67b.java,110,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeUpdate_68b.java,93,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeQuery_68b.java,107,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeBatch_68b.java,110,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_execute_68b.java,100,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__Property_execute_68b.java,100,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__Environment_executeBatch_75b.java,164,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__Environment_executeBatch_45.java,131,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_prepareStatement_68b.java,98,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeQuery_45.java,128,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeBatch_68b.java,110,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeUpdate_68b.java,93,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__Environment_executeQuery_68b.java,107,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeQuery_67b.java,107,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_prepareStatement_68b.java,98,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeBatch_75b.java,164,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeQuery_75b.java,161,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeBatch_45.java,185,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__Property_executeBatch_67b.java,110,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeBatch_75b.java,164,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_prepareStatement_67b.java,98,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_execute_68b.java,100,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__Environment_prepareStatement_75b.java,152,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_execute_67b.java,100,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeQuery_75b.java,161,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_prepareStatement_45.java,203,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeUpdate_68b.java,93,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeBatch_45.java,200,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeQuery_45.java,212,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_prepareStatement_75b.java,152,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeBatch_75b.java,164,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeQuery_75b.java,161,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_prepareStatement_75b.java,152,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_execute_45.java,188,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_execute_68b.java,100,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_execute_68b.java,100,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeUpdate_45.java,181,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__Property_executeQuery_75b.java,161,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_execute_45.java,190,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_prepareStatement_75b.java,152,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeQuery_75b.java,161,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_execute_67b.java,100,Statement.execute Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeUpdate_75b.java,147,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeQuery_67b.java,107,Statement.executeQuery Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeBatch_67b.java,110,Statement.addBatch Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__Environment_executeUpdate_68b.java,93,Statement.executeUpdate Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_prepareStatement_67b.java,98,Connection.prepareStatement Scary7 NormalConfidence,goodpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_prepareStatement_08.java,101,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_prepareStatement_54e.java,39,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_prepareStatement_61a.java,40,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeQuery_74b.java,44,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_execute_22b.java,40,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_execute_54e.java,41,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_execute_02.java,62,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_execute_52c.java,41,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_execute_10.java,118,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeQuery_07.java,106,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeUpdate_06.java,110,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeQuery_07.java,111,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeUpdate_05.java,107,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_prepareStatement_05.java,125,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeBatch_31.java,111,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeQuery_11.java,119,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_prepareStatement_74b.java,41,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_prepareStatement_01.java,111,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeUpdate_05.java,74,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_execute_42.java,67,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_execute_10.java,119,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_prepareStatement_41.java,46,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_prepareStatement_11.java,66,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeUpdate_10.java,54,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeBatch_66b.java,46,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_execute_42.java,137,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_prepareStatement_01.java,93,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_prepareStatement_08.java,117,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeUpdate_12.java,119,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeUpdate_53d.java,41,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeBatch_14.java,60,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeBatch_16.java,120,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_execute_04.java,124,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeQuery_12.java,119,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeQuery_21.java,123,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeUpdate_72b.java,43,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_execute_41.java,48,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeUpdate_04.java,96,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_execute_12.java,101,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeBatch_31.java,106,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_execute_66b.java,42,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeBatch_13.java,73,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeBatch_52c.java,45,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_execute_09.java,133,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeUpdate_17.java,135,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_prepareStatement_42.java,65,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeQuery_06.java,68,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeBatch_17.java,124,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_prepareStatement_42.java,60,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_execute_01.java,100,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_prepareStatement_74b.java,41,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_prepareStatement_72b.java,41,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeBatch_01.java,119,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeBatch_54e.java,45,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_execute_02.java,54,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeQuery_09.java,119,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_execute_71b.java,42,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeQuery_17.java,90,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_execute_51b.java,41,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_execute_54e.java,41,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_prepareStatement_41.java,45,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_execute_72b.java,43,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_prepareStatement_15.java,102,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeQuery_05.java,75,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_execute_07.java,124,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_prepareStatement_17.java,134,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeQuery_07.java,139,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeBatch_72b.java,47,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeQuery_04.java,127,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeBatch_31.java,141,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_execute_51b.java,41,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeUpdate_21.java,93,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_execute_81_bad.java,41,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeQuery_81_bad.java,42,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeBatch_72b.java,47,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_prepareStatement_09.java,66,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_prepareStatement_11.java,61,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_execute_22b.java,40,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeQuery_10.java,101,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeQuery_61a.java,43,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_prepareStatement_51b.java,39,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeUpdate_41.java,42,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_execute_71b.java,42,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeQuery_07.java,60,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeBatch_07.java,100,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_execute_15.java,108,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeBatch_03.java,123,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_prepareStatement_53d.java,39,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeBatch_14.java,68,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeUpdate_01.java,55,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeBatch_14.java,111,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_execute_41.java,47,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeBatch_10.java,95,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_prepareStatement_54e.java,39,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeQuery_54e.java,42,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_execute_11.java,67,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeBatch_22b.java,46,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_prepareStatement_15.java,119,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_execute_16.java,58,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeUpdate_07.java,122,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeUpdate_52c.java,41,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_prepareStatement_12.java,62,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_prepareStatement_22b.java,39,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_execute_08.java,146,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_prepareStatement_11.java,104,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_execute_71b.java,42,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeUpdate_15.java,65,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_prepareStatement_71b.java,40,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_prepareStatement_42.java,89,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeBatch_08.java,108,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeBatch_02.java,123,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_execute_42.java,102,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeUpdate_42.java,122,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeBatch_13.java,60,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_execute_05.java,124,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeBatch_22b.java,46,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_prepareStatement_07.java,109,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_execute_16.java,50,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeUpdate_81_bad.java,41,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_execute_72b.java,43,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeBatch_11.java,125,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_execute_73b.java,43,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeUpdate_53d.java,41,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_prepareStatement_41.java,41,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeUpdate_21.java,104,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeQuery_22b.java,41,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_execute_81_bad.java,41,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeQuery_73b.java,44,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_execute_12.java,90,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_execute_02.java,105,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_execute_08.java,80,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_execute_12.java,134,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeBatch_31.java,66,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_prepareStatement_81_bad.java,39,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeQuery_12.java,120,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeQuery_71b.java,43,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_execute_41.java,43,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_prepareStatement_71b.java,40,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_prepareStatement_14.java,117,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeUpdate_22b.java,40,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeQuery_52c.java,42,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeUpdate_07.java,110,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeQuery_81_bad.java,42,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_execute_16.java,101,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_prepareStatement_04.java,125,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_prepareStatement_11.java,88,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeUpdate_04.java,107,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeUpdate_02.java,133,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_prepareStatement_51b.java,39,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeQuery_10.java,134,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_execute_22b.java,40,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_prepareStatement_07.java,93,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_execute_72b.java,43,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeUpdate_21.java,69,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeQuery_51b.java,42,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeUpdate_11.java,54,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_prepareStatement_16.java,128,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeQuery_05.java,127,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeQuery_03.java,90,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeUpdate_07.java,59,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_execute_08.java,131,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_execute_09.java,67,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeBatch_52c.java,45,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_prepareStatement_66b.java,40,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_prepareStatement_02.java,132,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeBatch_53d.java,45,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_execute_10.java,67,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_execute_09.java,100,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_prepareStatement_71b.java,40,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeBatch_09.java,125,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeQuery_52c.java,42,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_execute_01.java,55,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeUpdate_52c.java,41,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_execute_74b.java,43,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeQuery_61a.java,43,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeBatch_52c.java,45,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeUpdate_42.java,53,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeBatch_14.java,106,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_prepareStatement_14.java,116,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeUpdate_16.java,129,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_execute_22b.java,40,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeQuery_61a.java,43,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeQuery_08.java,147,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeQuery_74b.java,44,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeQuery_08.java,114,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_prepareStatement_22b.java,39,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_prepareStatement_04.java,60,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeQuery_66b.java,43,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_execute_08.java,132,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_execute_11.java,100,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeBatch_14.java,139,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_execute_21.java,122,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeBatch_02.java,124,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_prepareStatement_42.java,105,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeQuery_72b.java,44,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeUpdate_13.java,119,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_execute_54e.java,41,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeQuery_42.java,123,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_prepareStatement_51b.java,39,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_execute_72b.java,43,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_execute_17.java,118,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeBatch_21.java,128,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeUpdate_06.java,59,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_prepareStatement_61a.java,40,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeQuery_10.java,63,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_prepareStatement_66b.java,40,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeBatch_13.java,106,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_prepareStatement_71b.java,40,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_prepareStatement_12.java,89,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeQuery_52c.java,42,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeUpdate_31.java,62,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_execute_08.java,113,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_executeBatch_16.java,102,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_prepareStatement_01.java,128,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeBatch_42.java,71,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_executeUpdate_72b.java,43,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_execute_54e.java,41,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_executeUpdate_41.java,47,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__console_readLine_execute_74b.java,43,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeQuery_22b.java,41,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__connect_tcp_execute_09.java,118,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_execute_01.java,46,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_executeUpdate_52c.java,41,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_execute_15.java,65,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeBatch_22b.java,46,Statement.addBatch Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getCookies_Servlet_executeQuery_41.java,43,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_prepareStatement_73b.java,41,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_prepareStatement_72b.java,41,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_execute_15.java,57,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeUpdate_12.java,120,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeUpdate_15.java,122,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_execute_04.java,61,Statement.execute Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__File_executeUpdate_74b.java,43,Statement.executeUpdate Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s02/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getParameter_Servlet_executeQuery_41.java,43,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__listen_tcp_prepareStatement_04.java,139,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__PropertiesFile_executeQuery_15.java,93,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeQuery_07.java,73,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s04/CWE89_SQL_Injection__URLConnection_executeQuery_42.java,108,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s03/CWE89_SQL_Injection__getQueryString_Servlet_executeQuery_04.java,75,Statement.executeQuery Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive
s01/CWE89_SQL_Injection__database_prepareStatement_17.java,117,Connection.prepareStatement Scary5 HighConfidence,badpositive